Subject: Shuttle booking for the week

Dear all,
Shuttle booking for this week will take place as usual through the website. You can find the website at: https://snushuttles.com/
 
Students are requested to note that the timings for the shuttle booking process on the website will be from Wednesday 11:00 AM to Thursday 05:00 PM.  In case of any bookings outside the mentioned time slot or not through the website, double the ticket price will be charged. Students who are found using the shuttle service without a ticket or by falsifying information will be subject to disciplinary action and a monetary fine. 
 
PROCESS FOR SHUTTLE BOOKING:
Kindly log in to the website using your SNU ID only
Once you have logged in successfully, you can see a list of shuttles and the route they are going in
Click and select your desired route( For example: SNU to GIP)
Click on the "Book Now" Button after you select a particular slot book now button on the right side of the page
You will now be directed to the payment page
Scan the UPI ID and insert proof of your transaction in the available slot
Once you have successfully booked your shuttle, you can also view your booking history on the right side of the page( Pending trips, approved trips, rejected trips, etc).
Once you have paid for your ticket, wait till the campus affairs secretaries confirm your booking. After confirming, you will get a confirmation mail. You have to show the mail to the driver before boarding the shuttle. 
If your amount has been debited, but your trip is not confirmed, please do not panic, as your money will be refunded shortly.

Regards, 
Campus Affairs Secretary - Student Council
Shiv Nadar University

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Subject: OCJ & Summer Internship opening | Shiv Nadar AIC
Dear Students,
Greetings of the Day.
Shiv Nadar AIC is looking to hire OCJs and Summer Interns for the following positions:

Startup Program Management
Content Creation. 

This is a unique opportunity to immerse yourself in the vibrant ecosystem of innovation and entrepreneurship.
If you are interested in joining us please fill out this form.
We encourage ambitious individuals eager to make a meaningful impact to seize this opportunity and further hone their skills.

Regards,
Atal Incubation Centre - Shiv Nadar University 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Subject: Equitech Scholars Program | Applications Open

Dear Students,
The Equitech Scholars Program prepares you for the future of technology-driven problem-solving. Applications for the fully funded (i.e. completely free) and fully remote 8-week program are now open, and we invite you to join a dynamic community of innovators.

Apply here: https://www.equitechfutures.com/program/esp

Course timeline: June 3 to July 26, 2024

Application deadline: 12/05/2024

Open to current undergraduates from any discipline, the Program will delve into the various nuances of data science and artificial intelligence — from building foundational programming knowledge to social and ethical perspectives on technological interventions. Whether you aspire to launch a startup, shape public policy, or make a difference in the tech sector, the Equitech Scholars Program will equip you with the practical skills and insights that will empower you to address real-world challenges.

Equitech Futures is built in partnership with the world's top universities and institutions --- Schmidt Futures, Patrick J McGovern Foundation, Aspen Institute, Kevin Xu Initiative, The University of Chicago and Rhodes Trust. 

Please refer  QR code in the poster that will take students directly to the Equitech Scholars Program page for application details. 

In addition, info sessions are scheduled on 3rd April and 6th April, interested students can sign up through - https://calendly.com/equitech/equitech-scholars-qa?month=2024-04&date=2024-04-06

Regards,
Kamal Arora
Career Development Centre

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Subject: Chickenpox Cases Detected on Campus

Dear Students,
We hope this message finds you well. We want to bring to your attention that over the weekend, there have been four cases of Chickenpox detected among our student body. Three cases involve First Year Students residing in one hostel, and one case involves a Third Year Student in another hostel.

Upon detection, all affected students have been promptly isolated, and comprehensive protocols for sanitization and preventive measures have been rigorously implemented across the campus. We want to assure you that there is no "outbreak" situation, and the current measures taken are strictly precautionary.

While there is no immediate need for further measures, we are closely monitoring the situation. Rest assured, your health and safety remain our utmost priority. We will keep you updated on any developments, and we assure you that necessary steps will be taken as per the guidance of healthcare authorities and our institutional protocols.

In the meantime, we urge all students to remain vigilant and adhere to personal hygiene practices, such as regular handwashing and avoiding close contact with individuals exhibiting symptoms of illness. Additionally, if you experience any symptoms or have concerns about your health, please do not hesitate to seek medical attention promptly.

We kindly request your cooperation and understanding during this time. Let us continue to support each other and maintain a safe and healthy campus environment.

For any further queries or concerns, please feel free to reach out to your respective hostel authorities or Office of the Dean of Students.

Stay safe and take care.

Best wishes
Dr. Anshu Paliwal
Associate Director and Head of Student Life,
Office of Dean of Students,
Shiv Nadar Institution of Eminence (Deemed to be University)

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Subject:IMPORTANT: Change of lab exam time

Dear Students,

This is to inform you that the endsem lab exam is shifted to 1PM on the same day: Thursday 18th April. So, the revised time slot is, 1 - 2 PM on 18/04/2024.

The syllabus remains the same: Upto Structure, enum and union. 

Best,
Snehasis
